****************************************************
* Introduction for dma_ex_fft
****************************************************
  This design is a slight divergence from the other
AXI DMA example designs because it represents a
slightly different use case. In the other designs,
the AXI DMA is used to bring 'external' data into
the Zynq-based embedded system, process the data,
and send it back out to the outside world. In this
example, however, the AXI DMA core is used in the
opposite fashion. Specifically, data is originating
in the ARM processor system where it is sent out to
a 'custom' co-processor, and finally returned to the
processor for final consumption.

  After reviewing the other AXI DMA example designs,
you should understand that the AXI DMA is used to
move data around so that the processor is free to do
other things in the interim. In this example,
stimulus data (a linear combination of multiple
cosine waves at various frequencies) is taken from
main memory, sent out via the AXI DMA to the Xilinx
Fast Fourier Transform core. Once the core is done
computing the FFT, it sends the data back to a
different buffer in main memory. Finally, the DMA
engine issues an interrupt to tell the ARM that the
FFT data is ready for consumption. Since this is
simply an example, the ARM merely prints the output
data to the console at the user's request. An AXI
GPIO core is used to allow the processor to
configure the FFT core with various parameters.

  The tutorials have been tested on the ZC702 and
the Zedboard. However, it should be easily ported
to any other Zynq platform due to the fact that
no external pins are used.

****************************************************

References: 
  - Zynq-7000 All Programmable SoC Technical Reference Manual 
      http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug585-Zynq-7000-TRM.pdf
  - AXI Reference Guide
      http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/ip_documentation/ug761_axi_reference_guide.pdf
  - AXI DMA Product Guide
      http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/ip_documentation/axi_dma/v7_1/pg021_axi_dma.pdf
  - Fast Fourier Transform Product Guide
      http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/ip_documentation/xfft/v9_0/pg109-xfft.pdf

****************************************************